Fix unreadable backed up keys regression (#3863)
openbao/openbao: changelog/3863.txt

```release-note:improvement

> sys/raw: Allow backed up unseal shares reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sys/raw: Allow reading backed up unseal or recovery shares.
```

```

```release-note:bug

> sys/rotate: Fixed existing backed up unseal shares unreadable after upgrade to OpenBao v2.6+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sys/rotate: Fix existing unseal/recovery share backups going unreadable after upgrading to v2.6.x from an earlier version.
```
